fix some code explanations and minor issues (#668)
mlr-org/mlr3book: book/chapters/chapter2/data_and_basic_modeling.qmd

The names of the feature and target columns are stored in the `$feature_names` and `$target_names` slots, respectively.

```{r basics-010}

> c(Feature = tsk_mtcars$feature_names,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
c(Features = tsk_mtcars$feature_names,
```

It's multiple isn't it?

tsk_mtcars_small$data()
```

> As `R6` uses reference semantics (@sec-r6), you need to use `$clone()` if you want to modify a task but keep the original object as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As `R6` uses reference semantics (@sec-r6), you need to use `$clone()` if you want to modify a task whilst keeping the original object intact.
```

### Predicting {#sec-predicting}

> Predicting from trained models is as simple as passing your task to the `r index("$predict()", parent = "Learner", aside = TRUE, code = TRUE)` method of the trained `Learner`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Predicting from trained models is as simple as passing your data as a `Task` to the `r index("$predict()", parent = "Learner", aside = TRUE, code = TRUE)` method of the trained `Learner`.
```

```

In the examples above we made predictions by passing a task to `$predict()`.
However, if you would rather pass a `data.frame` type object directly, then you can use `r index("$predict_newdata()", parent = "Learner", code = TRUE)`.

> The true values are `NA`, because we did not include an `mpg` (target) column in the generated data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, the `truth` column values are all `NA`, as we did not include a target column in the generated data.
```

lrn_rpart = lrn("regr.rpart", maxdepth = 1)
```

> We can view the set hyperparameters by using `$param_set$values`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can a list of non-default hyperparameters (i.e., those that have been set) by using `$param_set$values`:
```

Your text was simpler however the word 'set' is quite ambiguous in the sentence

lrn_rpart$train(tsk("mtcars"))$model
```

> To set multiple values at once we recommend either setting these in construction or using `r index("param_set$set_values()", parent = "Learner", aside = TRUE, code = TRUE)`, which updates the given hyperparameters (argument names) with the respective values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set multiple values at once we recommend either setting these in construction or using `r index("$set_values()", parent = "Learner", aside = TRUE, code = TRUE)`, which updates the given hyperparameters (argument names) with the respective values.
```

This is how we reference all fields and methods in the book

All measures implemented in `mlr3` are defined primarily by three components: 1) the function that defines the measure; 2) whether a lower or higher value is considered 'good'; and 3) the range of possible values the measure can take.
As well as these defining elements, other metadata are important to consider when selecting and using a `Measure`, including if the measure has any special properties (e.g., requires training data), the type of predictions the measure can evaluate, and whether the measure has any 'control parameters'.
All this information is encapsulated in the `r ref("Measure", aside = TRUE)` object.

> The `Average: macro` attribute will be addressed when we cover resampling methods in @sec-resampling-exec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think this needs to be mentioned TBH, it doesn't add much

{{< include ../../common/_optional.qmd >}}

`r mlr3` also provides measures that do not quantify the quality of the predictions of a model, but instead provide 'meta'-information about the model.

> In particular, these include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These include:
```

The interface for classification measures, which are of class `r ref('MeasureClassif', aside = TRUE)`, is identical to regression measures.
The key difference in usage is that you will need to ensure your selected measure evaluates the prediction type of interest.`r index(NULL, "$predict_type", parent = "Measure", code = TRUE)`

> To evaluate probability predictions you will require `predict_type = "prob"` (which also includes the response prediction).

Reviewer: This is incorrect? A probability measure does not evaluate response.
```suggestion
To evaluate probability predictions you will require `predict_type = "prob"` (which also includes the response prediction).
```
